Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to start designing the login screen.
Okay?
Now what we can do is we can get rid of this center widgets.
We can just break this.
Okay?
Now we're going to have in theory, widgets, and this three widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Okay.
Now I know that's a display widget.
Vertically Flatter has a widget known as column.
Okay.
Now, this color widget can take in multiple widgets, so it adds this to drain.
Okay, now the first child is going to be a test widget.
And is this going to say, uh, starts?
Starts or join a meeting.
Methane addiction and or value and then use contra.
And that's to say, okay, now let's check this out.
You can see the wire.
Okay.
Now, all we can do is this column has a property known as main US element.
And we can see main elements.
Dot Center.
Okay.
This will take you to the center vertically.
Let's see what it does.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're gonna need to do is we can start this test.
Now, this test has a property known as Ty, and it's going to be test tie, which simply means we want
this tied to test.
Okay.
And now we can see the font size.
That is, we want to increase the size of the test to 24.
24 and as well, this does die as the property known as false weeds.
You can see once the okay font suite darts board.
Okay.
Now make sure you have your tree a comma over here and over here.
And now you can use control.
And that's to save.
Okay.
You can see it's okay.
Now, the next widget we are going to be having is the image widget.
Okay?
We're going to be doing this outside this test widget, right?
So this is the first widget and now we are about to had the second widget.
Okay.
There's going to be image thoughts.
Assets.
I can now we can give the location of that on boarding.
Okay.
It is located at assets and images.
Then discard on br, then den j p g.
Okay.
How did you recover?
And is country a necessary.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can sit over here.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.